News	SentimentThe number of large-value frauds at public sector banks (PSBs) fell nearly 30% to 1902 in FY18 from 2709 in FY17 minister of state for finance Shiv Pratap Shukla told the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. The highest incidence of frauds involving `1 lakh or more was observed at State Bank of India (SBI).	Negative"A partnership firm of Nirav Modi Group approached PNB’s branch at Brady House, Mumbai. They presented a set of documents with a request to allow buyers credit for making payment to the overseas suppliers. Since there was no sanctioned limit in the name of the above firms, the branch officials requested the firms to furnish at least 10% cash margin for issuing Letter of Undertaking (LoU) for raising buyer’s credit. The first maturity of LoUs liability was confirmed on this day."	NegativePNB share price today hit a fresh 52-week low as India’s biggest banking fraud unwinded at nation’s second largest PSU bank. PNB share price hammered down massively in the last 2 days of the trades. In the history of past two days PNB share price has plunged about 23.66%.	NegativeMarkets regulator Sebi has launched a probe into trading and disclosure related issues in the matter of Punjab National Bank and Gitanjali Gems in connection with over Rs 11000 crore banking fraud allegedly perpetrated by absconding Nirav Modi.	NegativeIndia’s biggest banking fraud in country’s second largest PSU bank Punjab National Bank has now engulfed nation’s largest lender State Bank of India. State Bank of India has also been captured by the massive banking scam involving “fraudulent and unauthorised” LOUs between PNB and alleged diamond merchant Nirav Modi.	NegativeEven as we witness biggest banking fraud unfold in India’s second largest lender amid other loan defaults and mis-governance in the listed space in India ace investors from emerging markets champion Mark Mobius and Porinju Veliyath are betting on the corporate governance theme in the country.	NegativeA plunge in the shares of PSU banks kept the headline indices Sensex and Nifty with minimal rise in the morning deals on Monday. The shares of the fraud-hit PNB slumped over 4% in today’s trade.	NegativeAs the alleged fraud of Rs 11400 crore entailing the fraudulent LOUs between diamond merchant Nirav Modi and Punjab National Bank intensifies the global credit rating agency has parked PNB on ‘Rating Watch Negative’.	NegativeBanking stocks continued to fall on Monday as investors grew wary of the Punjab National Bank (PNB) scam possibly leading to a much larger problem being unearthed.	NegativePunjab National Bank (PNB) facing a Rs 11400-crore scandal may have to honour at least a substantial part of its commitment on the letters of undertakings (LoUs) and foreign letters of credit (FLCs) illegally issued to firms of celebrity jeweller Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi by one of the bank’s employees by abusing its SWIFT interbank system two executives with banks having no exposure to such guarantees told FE.	NegativeThe HDFC Bank on Monday confirmed that Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has directed it to conduct an internal inquiry into the leakage of unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI) related to financial figures of some companies including the bank through WhatsApp messages.	NegativeNifty PSU Bank index has shed 18% value since February 14 when multi-billion rupees PNB-Nirav Modi LoU scam came to light. Punjab National Bank shares are down more than 40% since then. In today’s trade two-thirds of PSU bank shares fell to their respective 52-week lows.	NegativePrecautionary measures taken by public sector banks in the wake of the Rs 11400-crore Nirav Modi scam are unlikely to have a significant impact on the financing of the Surat-based diamond industry.	Negative"Vishal Goyal of UBS India in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said with fraud investigations going on there is a natural tendency of risk aversion by investors. However, after 15-30 days when there is further clarity one could see some value buying in the PSU banking space."	Negative"Karwa attributes current fall in the market to weak local environment which involves the PNB bank scam, along with global challenges such as hardening of interest rates."	Negative"CBI has so far arrested over a dozen persons, including former and current officials of PNB and companies related to Modi and Choksi."	Negative"In the short term, issues hitting the market were negative news flow back home involving the big banking scam, while trade tariffs and interest rates affected the Street globally, Ratnesh Kumar said."	Negative"In January this year, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had directed the banks, depositories -- NSDL and CDSL -- and mutual funds to attach the bank and demat accounts of Vinay Rai, Anil Rai, RKKR Agencies, Utility Trade Links and Pukhraj Holdings in the matter of Information Technologies (India) to recover Rs 12.61 lakh."	Negative"Trend in global interest rates, political uncertainty among key risks. Speaking on redemption pressure seen in mutual fund inflows for March, Naren believes the month, historically, does not give much clarity."	Neutral"Despite this, prices remain within recent ranges as oil markets still face an abundance of supply that puts pressure on producers to keep their prices competitive in order not to lose market share."	Neutral"Despite a strong start, the home currency erased all its morning gains during intra-day due to renewed dollar demand from importers, but eventually managed to settled the day in positive zone."	Positive"Crude prices rose more than 3 percent, breaking above USD 65 per barrel. Oil's strong gains boosted energy stocks. The Energy Select Sector SPDR fund (XLE) surged 3.3 percent and posted its best day since Nov. 30, 2016."	Positive"In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225 slipped below the flat line to trade lower by 0.12 percent. Financials, oil producers and shippers gained, but declines were seen in consumer goods sectors."	Negative"Brent crude futures were at $72.33 per barrel at 0648 GMT, up 27 cents, or 0.4 percent from their last close."	Positive"ICEX had launched the world's first diamond derivatives contracts in August last year with 1-carat futures contracts, and had subsequently added the 50-cents contracts."	Neutral"It said growth in non-OPEC oil supply was forecast to rise by a further 80,000 barrels per day this year to 1.71 million bpd, driven largely by higher-than-anticipated growth in the first quarter in the United States and the former Soviet Union."	Positive"Intra-day, the Indian currency fell to a fresh five-month low of 65.45 before eventually recouping all losses."	Negative"Wall Street falls on Syria concerns, interest rate worries. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 218.55 points, or 0.9 percent, to 24,189.45, the S&P 500 lost 14.68 points, or 0.55 percent, to 2,642.19 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 25.28 points, or 0.36 percent, to 7,069.03."	NegativeThe rupee shed 5 paise to hit a fresh five-month low of 65.36 against the US dollar in early trade today following increased demand for the American currency from banks and importers.	NegativeHigher crude oil price is always a concern for country like India which imports more than 80 percent of oil requirement	Negative"The World Bank on Thursday raised its growth forecast for East Asia and Pacific for 2018, but it said the region's economies may need to adopt tighter monetary policy and larger fiscal buffers to guard against short-term risks."	Neutral"The fall in rupee is always a good for software services providers which receive maximum income through exports to US, Europe etc."	PositiveGlobal stocks recovered to three-week highs on Friday as anticipated strong earnings season took centre stage after US President Donald Trump backtracked on his suggestion of an imminent missile attack on Syria.	PositiveHere is a list of top 10 stocks from different experts which are likely to see the direct or indirect impact of the rise in crude oil prices.	Negative"After opening higher, the rupee shed 3 paise to 65.29 against the US dollar in early trade today despite better-than-expected inflation numbers released yesterday."	NegativeAsian share markets were mixed and oil prices fell on Monday as relief US-led strikes on Syria looked unlikely to escalate was tempered by concerns at Russia's potential reaction to new sanctions from Washington.	Negative"Crude oil prices may correct more in short term if it breaks Rs 4,300 levels. Rs 4,300 would be still a very important level downside where only a close below could be the sign of more downside over short term."	Negative"Asia stocks wavered on Tuesday after data showed both hot and cold patches in the Chinese economy, but losses were limited as investors turned their focus to corporate earnings from Syria."	NegativeGold stocks shine. Jewellery stocks remained in focus and Titan Company closed at a record high ahead of Akshaya Tritiya.	Positive"Geopolitical tensions have eased a bit, but the market could continue to face global headwinds for a while, Udayan Mukherjee said in an interview with Moneycontrol."	Neutral"Wall Street opens higher on strong earnings. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 108.75 points, or 0.44 percent, at the open to 24,681.79. The S&P 500 opened higher by 14.90 points, or 0.56 percent, at 2,692.74. The Nasdaq Composite gained 58.83 points, or 0.82 percent, to 7,215.12 at the opening bell."	Positive"Indian market is expected to remain volatile amid of geopolitical tension. Nifty Future is opening gap down by 1 point against yesterday’s close 10543 as indicated by SGX Nifty which is currently trading at 10542, says a report by Dynamic Levels."	NegativeThe rupee recovered 4 paise to 65.45 against the dollar at the interbank forex market today on fresh selling of the greenback amid a higher opening of domestic equities.	PositiveCommodity bourse NCDEX today resumed trading after the system was shut down yesterday due to a minor fire that broke out at its headquarters here.	Neutral"A look at data for gold funds between Akshaya Tritiya in 2017 (April 28) and April 16 this year, reveals that returns have been in single digits."	NeutralWe have been maintaining a positive stance on gold and a jump in volatility from record lows in 2017 would create a beneficial environment for gold prices.	PositiveGold demand in India increased 9 percent last year to 727 tonnes and is expected to increase to around 800 tonnes this time around.	Positive"Oil falls after Trump criticises OPEC for artificially high prices. Brent crude oil futures were at $73.26 per barrel at 1139 GMT, down 52 cents from their last close."	Negative"Indian rupee cracks below 66-level in free fall, plunges 32 paise vs USD. Extending its slide for a fifth day, the domestic currency took a hit of 32 paise to close at more than one-year low as the RBI's surprised hawkish tone kept overall sentiment bearish."	Negative"The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 202.09 points, or 0.82 percent, to 24,462.8, the S&P 500 lost 22.98 points, or 0.85 percent, to 2,670.15 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 91.93 points, or 1.27 percent, to 7,146.13."	NegativeNext week's trend will be decided on the basis of quarterly earnings and trends in global markets.	Neutral"Moreover, the Indian currency has been under pressure on growing market conviction of higher interest rate cycle after minutes of RBI's last policy meeting indicated a shift to more hawkish stance in June despite easing inflation."	Negative"Gold prices steadied in Asian trade on Tuesday, a day after falling to the lowest level in more than two weeks, as a climb in the dollar and 10-year US Treasury yields dampened the appeal of bullion, which pays no interest."	Negative"International oil prices hit their highest levels since late 2014 on Tuesday, pushed up by expectations of renewed US sanctions against Iran and as OPEC continues withholding supplies amid strong demand."	PositiveWall Street ended mixed on Monday as concerns about soft smartphone demand weighed on tech stocks and pulled the Nasdaq lower while earnings optimism protected against deeper losses.	NeutralThe rupee strengthened by 8 paise to 66.40 against the US dollar in opening trade at the interbank foreign exchange market today on some selling of the greenback by exporters and banks.	Positive"Interest rates in America are no longer influencing gold performance, while the US dollar movement is again becoming a strong indicator of the price direction of the yellow metal, the World Gold Council (WGC) has said."	Neutral"In the medium term, geo-political tensions in the Middle East, increasing US government debt and rising inflation pressures, volatility and lower equity markets could support gold prices."	Negative"Prices for energy commodities like oil, natural gas and coal are expected to jump by a whopping 20 percent this year, the World Bank has said in a report."	Positive"Overall, the environment for oil is bullish. Supplier cutbacks, steady demand growth, geopolitical tensions and a favourable structure in the futures market have attracted record investment in oil this year."	PositiveThe rupee weakened to a fresh 13-month low by falling 27 paise to 66.65 against the American currency on bouts of month-end dollar demand from importers amid crude price volatility and rising US bond yields.	Negative"Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell has downplayed the concerns over recent market volatility. In his first appearance before the US Congress, Powell has indicated that the fed plans to hike rates three times this year and may be inclined to a fourth. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Geoff Lewis, Global Strategist - Capital Markets Group at Manulife AMC shared his views and thoughts on the same."	Negative"White House Chief Economic Advisor Gary Cohn has resigned from President Trump's Administration over the issue of import tariffs and in news from the Korean Peninsula- North Korea had said it was open to talks with the US on denuclearisation. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Michael Every of Rabobank shared his views and outlook on the same."	Negative"The big story this morning remains the global landscape. White House Chief Economic Advisor Gary Cohn has resigned from President Trump's Administration over the issue of import tariffs. As well in news overnight, North Korea had said it was open to talks with the US on denuclearisation. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Arvind Sanger, Managing Partner at Geosphere Capital Management shared his views and outlook on the same."	Negative"Spot gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,335.02 per ounce by 0314 GMT, having hit $1,340.42 an ounce earlier in the session, its highest since Feb. 26."	NegativeTrump signed two proclamations that levied a 25 percent tariff on steel and a 10 percent tariff on aluminium imported from all countries except neighbouring Canada and Mexico.	Negative"Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) net investments in the month of February stood at Rs negative 12,000 crore largely on account of weak global cues and US bond yields rose to record highs which prompted global fund managers to shift some funds to bonds from equities."	Negative"I expect the USD-INR to open a little higher today and trade in a range of 65.05-65.25 for the day, says Bhaskar Panda of HDFC Bank."	Neutral"Brent crude futures fell 73 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $63.61 per barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures fell $1.03, or 1.7 percent, to settle at $60.12 per barrel."	Negative"Inflationary fears dissipated on Friday after US Labor Department data showed nonfarm payrolls jumped by 313,000 jobs last month, while average hourly earnings rose only 0.1 percent compared with a 0.3 percent rise in January."	Negative"US Food and Drug Administration officials found a 'large female mosquito' in a facility of Aurobindo Pharma during inspection, which, according to them, was not 'free of infestation by rodents and other insects'."	Negative"We expect the spot USD-INR pair to trade in a range of 64.80-65.20 for the day, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity."	Neutral"U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were at $62.22 a barrel at 0102 GMT, up 18 cents, or 0.3 percent."	PositiveGlobal metal prices trade mixed even as trade war fears ease. Strength in equity market is also supporting metals prices and the long term outlook on demand growth is positive.	Positive"Share India might expect some more upside in the gold until upper levels of Rs 30,600."	Neutral"Asian shares slip on US protectionism fears. Australian shares stumbled 0.8 percent in early trade, while Japan's Nikkei dropped 0.8 percent. South Korea's Kospi index declined 0.7 percent."	Negative"Support on Wednesday came from a report that U.S. crude inventories are not rising as much as expected during the spring season that is starting, implying healthy demand."	Neutral"Asian shares eased amid fears of rising U.S. protectionism as President Donald Trump fired his Secretary of State, regarded as a moderate in his administration, and eyes hefty tariffs on Chinese imports."	Negative"Rupees gains also followed those in 10 year bonds, while equities rise also attracted demand for the rupee, says Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services."	Positive"Rupees gains also followed those in 10 year bonds, while equities rise also attracted demand for the rupee, says Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services."	Positive"Expect bounce back in crude oil over short term. On the daily charts, prices are forming a falling wedge which could prove bullish in near term and a bounce back could be expected over short term, according to Share India commodity report."	Positive"We expect the USD-INR pair to trade in the range of 64.70-65, says Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank."	Neutral"US dollar looks to be stabilizing after widening fiscal numbers, but response to retail sales data will hold the key for directional moves in US dollar, and help rupee shift away from the 65 mark, says Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services."	Neutral"Gold steady as political worries linger. Spot gold was unchanged at $1,315.80 per ounce at 0100 GMT."	Negative"NYMEX crude for April delivery was up 5 cents, or 0.1 percent, at $61.24 a barrel at 0048 GMT, after settling up 23 cents on Thursday."	Positive"Russia-UK tensions may revive strength in US dollar, but rupee will keep its eye on trade data as prospects of trade war still remains potent, says Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services."	Negative"West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil futures for April delivery fell 3 cents, or 0.1 percent, to $61.16 a barrel at 0354 GMT, after settling up 23 cents on Thursday. WTI is set to fall 1.4 percent this week, reversing the previous week's 1.3 percent gain."	Negative"U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were at $63.69 a barrel at 0744 GMT, up 15 cents, or 0.2 percent, from their previous close."	Positive"Spot gold was 0.4 percent higher at $1,315.84 per ounce at 0746 GMT. Prices fell to a nearly three-week low of $1,306.91 in the previous session."	Positive"""We prefer buying on dips, irrespective of US FOMC meet outcome, as long as the critical prolonged upward trending channel support placed around 10,000 mark is intact.” says Jaydeb Dey, Technical Analyst at Stewart & Mackertich Wealth Management Ltd."	Positive"A recovery seen in equities may have revived demand for the rupee, restricting further falls against dollar, which has been trading firm ahead of FOMC rate decision, says Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services."	PositiveGlobally investors expect rate hike from the central bank. Fed Chairman Jerome Powell's commentary on future rate hikes will also be closely watched.	NegativeGold prices are likely to trade with some more downside bias and we might expect selling pressure with volatility as the FED policy meet is going on and at the end of the session today we can get the result on interest rates.	Negative"Nobody is scared now due to trade war concerns. In fact people are asking for opportunities in the falling market and there are opportunities available, he added."	Positive"President Donald Trump targets China with up to USD 60 billion in Chinese import. The new measures are designed to penalize China for trade practices that the Trump administration says involve stealing American companies' intellectual property. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Geoff Lewis, Global Strategist of Capital Markets Group at Manulife Asset Management shared his views on the same."	Negative"Oil's rise defied a slump in global stock markets, which fell in response to worries about a trade stand-off between the United States and China. Gold, seen as a safe haven, hit a two-week high."	NegativeFear and panic gripped the currency market sentiment initially after US President Donald Trump decided to slap tariffs on China.	Negative"Oil prices rose by around 1 percent on Friday, pushed up by Saudi plans for OPEC and Russian led production curbs introduced in 2017 to be extended into 2019 in order to tighten the market."	Positive"A trade war would benefit no one but would be particularly bad for China as opposed to US. So the order of magnitude is much higher for China. So it is not in China’s interest to respond aggressively to the US, Paul Kitney, Chief Equity Strategist - Asia Pacific at Daiwa Capital Markets told CNBC-TV18."	NegativeThe reaction to the US-China trade war on equity markets was nothing short of a bloodbath. Asian markets plunged while back home Sensex and Nifty recorded a cut of over 1 percent. The rout witnessed by the Indian market on Friday has eroded Rs 1.57 crore of investor wealth.	Negative"""Markets are focused on trade war escalation that is adversely impacting financial conditions and the global growth story. Hence, FIIs could adopt a wait-and-watch mode until more clarity on trade war abatement emerges,"" says Amit Gupta of ICICIdirect."	NeutralUS stock futures led global shares higher on Monday after reports that the United States and China have quietly started negotiations to improve US access to Chinese markets eased fears of a trade war between the two economic giants.	PositiveFacebook founder Mark Zuckerberg  lost USD 10.3 billion of his fortune as Cambridge Analytica scandal unfolded at Facebook Inc.	Negative"In an interview to CNBC-Tv18, James Glassman, Senior Economist at JPMorgan shared his views and readings on the global trade war. Fears of global trade war are exaggerated."	Negative"Rupee will take negative cues from the domestic equity market, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity,"	NegativeThe rupee strengthened by 10 paise to 64.91 against the US dollar at the interbank forex market today on sustained selling of the greenback by exporters and banks amid foreign capital inflows.	Positive"Brent Crude continues to trade above USD 70 a barrel mark supported by Saudi talk of extending output cuts into 2019. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, David Lennox of Fat Prophets shared his views and outlook on the same."	NeutralBrent and WTI crude oil futures dipped on Monday as concerns of a looming trade dispute between the United States and China weighed on global markets.	Negative"Oil firm on Middle East tension, though rising US output looms. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were at $65.63 a barrel at 0700 GMT, up 8 cents, or 0.1 percent, from their previous settlement."	Positive"According to Singapore's banking group DBS, while India's foreign reserves are at a record high, just as growth gathers momentum, optimism has been dented by widening current account deficit, pushing back of fiscal consolidation goals and inflation expected to remain above target next year."	Negative"A solid dollar rebound, supported by easing trade war fears and a goodish pick-up in the US Treasury bond yields predominantly kept forex market undertone nervous and prompted the fag-end reversal."	Positive"Dow closes more than 650 points higher as trade tensions ease. The Dow Jones industrial average surged 669.40 points to 24,202.60, with Microsoft as the best-performing stock in the index."	Positive"Wall Street rebounds on hopes for US-China talks on trade. The main US stock indices advanced more than 2 percent on Monday, helping recoup some of last week's losses, amid signs that the United States and China were willing to negotiate on tariffs eased concerns about a trade war between the two countries."	Positive"Indian rupee opens higher at 64.78 per dollar. I expect another day of consolidation in a range between 64.80-65 for today, says Bhaskar Panda of HDFC Bank."	Positive"The market rallied more than half a percent in pre-opening trade, tracking positive global cues on easing trade war tensions."	Positive"Oil prices rose on Tuesday, pushed up by concerns that tensions in the Middle East could lead to supply disruptions."	Positive"The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 344.89 points, or 1.43 percent, to 23,857.71, the S&P 500 lost 45.93 points, or 1.73 percent, to 2,612.62 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 211.74 points, or 2.93 percent, to 7,008.81."	Negative"MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.4 percent, with tech-heavy Korean shares falling 1.0 percent. Japan's Nikkei fell 2.1 percent."	Negative"The rupee is expected to remain in the range of 64.50-65 with a positive bias, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity."	Positive"Asia stocks rise as crude oil extends rally on Iran worries. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.2 percent, while Japan's Nikkei climbed 0.5 percent."	Positive"Wall Street surges on higher oil after US quits Iran deal. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.75 percent to end at 24,542.54 points, while the S&P 500 gained 0.97 percent to 2,697.79. The Nasdaq Composite added 1 percent to finish the session at 7,339.91."	Positive"For the day, the USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 67.25 and 67.80, says Motilal Oswal."	Neutral"Stock exchanges on which currency derivatives are traded have been demanding long trading hours since 2008, when trading in currency derivatives first began."	Neutral"Crude oil accounts for around 40 percent of operating costs of an aviation company. Hence, their sensitivity to crude prices is extremely high and even a slight change can drastically affect margins."	Positive"Still, crude prices remained near more than three-year-highs reached last week as markets expect Iran's oil exports to fall significantly once U.S. sanctions bite later this year."	Negative"The USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 67.10 and 67.60, according to Motilal Oswal report."	Neutral"Spot gold was up 0.2 percent at $1,320.45 per ounce as of 0330 GMT, after marking the highest since April 26 at $1,325.96 in the previous session."	Positive"For 2018, he expects the markets to stay volatile due to rising oil prices, which, in turn, will affect the current account deficit."	Negative"Now all eyes are on corporate earnings and Karnataka elections along with crude oil movement, experts suggest."	NeutralBrokerages expect a positive FY19 for agrochemical sector on the back of government's intent to double farm incomes and a normal monsoon	Positive"Market voices talk about reasons such as LTCG, portfolio reallocation, among others as reasons behind the fall, but believe that the trend will pick up going forward"	Negative"The cases were related to market manipulation, price rigging, insider trading, takeover violations and illegal collective investment schemes, Minister of State for Finance Pon Radhakrishnan said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha."	NegativeLonger term metrics on the economy and earnings growth continue to remain positive.	Positive"For India, the current account deficit is within the comfort zone although it has widened and the GDP growth is heading towards 7.5-7.7 percent,"	Positive"After a setback from Union Budget 2018, the domestic market has shifted focus into the global volatility which is turning cautious due to premium valuation, increase in interest rate and risk of de-globalisation."	Negative"Stressing on the low base effect of demonetisation and GST rollout, Vora said that it needs to be seen whether the earnings will sustain post October-November period."	Neutral"LTCG tax has blunted the edge of equities as compared to last year; however, from a growth perspective, equities should be able to perform better than other asset classes, which ideally should ensure the inflows into equity continue, Ashish Ranawade, Chief Investment Officer (CIO) of Union Asset Management Company Private Limited, said in an interview to Moneycontrol's Kshitij Anand."	NeutralPolitical noise seems to have troubled the Street on Friday. The politburo of the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) announced that it is breaking its ties with the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).	Negative"The consolidation is likely to continue for next 3-4 months, in fact the entire calendar year is expected to be tough as many state elections lined up and investors want to see the actual earnings growth in Q4FY18 and FY19 which they have been hoping and that seems to have already priced in a bit, experts suggest."	Neutral"On the impact of LTCG tax, he explained that investments are decided not by taxation policies alone, but capability of that asset class to grow"	Neutral"Lower borrowing target is a positive announced by the government. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Manish Wadhawan, MD & HEAD of Fixed Income at HSBC India spoke about the surprise bonanza for the money markets -- lower borrowing in the first half of FY19."	PositiveIndia bonds gain sharply on surprise cut in govt borrowing. Indian government bonds rallied with the benchmark 10-year yield falling to its lowest in two months on Tuesday following a surprise cut in the borrowing programme for the fiscal year starting April.	PositiveMost of the exit polls suggest a hung assembly with BJP poised to be the single largest party in the Karnataka state elections.	Neutral"Nifty ends rangebound session flat on caution ahead of Karnataka election results. The broader markets, however, saw sharp cuts due to correction in banking & financials, ADAG stocks etc."	NegativeWe have collated a list of 12 stock strategies that investors could deploy ahead of the Karnataka election verdict on Tuesday.	Neutral"According to a report by Dynamic Levels, the Indian market may show volatility ahead of the Election Results."	Neutral"Based on the exit polls, the indecisiveness in the market should remain till the results and this should be reflected with a VIX in the range of 13 percent-15 percent."	Neutral"On Budget day, India sought to expand its bond market beyond the traditional ambit of sovereign debt."	Neutral"Customers, including depositors of merging banks will be treated as customers of the banks in which these banks have been merged with effect from 1 April 2020. After the merger, there will be 12 PSUs - six merged banks and six independent public sector banks."	Neutral Indian Bank will be merged with Allahabad Bank.	Neutral"Syndicate Bank will be merged into Canara Bank, which will make it the fourth-largest public sector lender."	NeutralUnion Bank of India will be merged with Andhra Bank and Corporation Bank	NeutralPublic sector lenders Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Union Bank of India on Thursday said their boards have approved the merger ratios for amalgamation with four other banks as part of the government's exercise to merge 10 banks into four.	Neutral"Indian Bank will issue 115 shares for every 1,000 shares of Allahabad Bank for merging the latter with itself, according to an exchange filing."	Neutral"Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday said that there is no uncertainty on the proposed merger of public sector banks (PSBs), which is underway and will meet the implementation date of 1 April."	Neutral"After the merger of Allahabad Bank with it, Indian Bank sees growth in lending and deposits and new opportunities emerging despite the lockdown, according to Padmaja Chunduru, Managing Director & CEO of Indian Bank. "	Positive"The government has drawn a list of four PSU banks, namely, Punjab & Sind Bank, Bank of Maharashtra, UCO Bank, and IDBI Bank, in which it directly or indirectly holds majority stakes, and wants to disinvest equity."	Neutral"The amalgamation of Punjab National Bank, United Bank of India and Oriental Bank of Commerce came into effect from April 1 this year. The merger created the second-largest nationalised bank in terms of business and total branches"	Neutral"State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) has completed IT integration of all branches of erstwhile Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) with itself, the bank said in a release on December 2. All customers of erstwhile OBC Bank are now migrated to CBS of PNB wherein they can transact seamlessly via existing branches and digital banking channels like internet banking and mobile banking, the bank said."	NeutralThe Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has delisted six state owned banks from its second schedule. The Central Bank of India said that the delisting has been done owing to the merger of those banks with other PSU banks. 	Neutral"The number of public sector banks (PSBs) could be brought down to four from 12 via privatisation or consolidation. The government had already directed the merger of 10 public sector banks into 4 from April 1, 2020."	Neutral"The government may merge loss-making entities India Post, along with the regional rural banks (RRBs), into a full-fledged public sector bank to beat down the mounting losses."	Neutral"Speculations around a merger of HDFC Limited (HDFC) and its banking subsidiary HDFC Bank aren’t new to the industry or the markets. With the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) internal working committee recommending that well-run large non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) may be considered for conversion into banks, there is buzz over the merger of the HDFC twins."	PositiveAccenture and Bank of Baroda have announced the successful completion of technology integration of the former Vijaya Bank’s branches with Bank of Baroda which has now enabled 21 million Vijaya Bank customers to have access to Bank of Baroda’s banking services.	Positive"Indian Bank would be amalgamating more than 325 branches that would not only help reduce cost but also provide better services to the customers, said M.K. Bhattacharya, executive director (ED), Indian Bank"	Positive"The merger of Union Bank of India with Andhra Bank and Corporation Bank in April 2020 has eroded its capital buffers. Tough operating conditions will further strain the Bank's already weak capitalisation, says S&P Global Ratings."	Negative"NBFCs converting into banks will have ""huge upfront regulatory costs,"" Ratings said."	Neutral"CRISIL has assigned its 'FAA+/Stable' rating to Rs 40,000 crore fixed deposit programme of AU Small Finance Bank Limited (AU SFB), and has reaffirmed its 'CRISIL AA-/Stable/CRISIL A1+' ratings on the debt instruments."	Positive"Fitch Ratings has affirmed Bank of India’s (BOI) Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at BBB-, with a Negative Outlook. The agency has also affirmed the bank’s Viability Rating (VR) at b+, Support Rating Floor at BBB- and Support Rating at 2."	Negative"The recommendations made by the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) working group on allowing corporate ownership in banks given India's weak corporate governance amid large corporate defaults over the past few years pose a potential risk, said S&P Global Ratings."	Negative"Fitch Ratings has affirmed Punjab National Bank's (PNB) Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'BBB-', with a Negative Outlook. The agency has also affirmed the bank's Viability Rating (VR) at 'b', Support Rating Floor at 'BBB-' and Support Rating at '2"	PositiveFitch Ratings has affirmed India-based Axis Bank Limited's Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'BB+' with a Negative Outlook and its Viability Rating (VR) at 'bb'.	Negative"Moody’s Investors Service on Friday downgraded the long-term local and foreign currency deposit ratings of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Bank of India (BoI), Canara Bank, and Union Bank of India (UBI) to Ba1."	Negative"Moody’s Investors Service on Friday downgraded the long-term local and foreign currency deposit ratings of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Bank of India (BoI), Canara Bank, and Union Bank of India (UBI) to Ba1."	Negative"Moody’s Investors Service on Friday downgraded the long-term local and foreign currency deposit ratings of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Bank of India (BoI), Canara Bank, and Union Bank of India (UBI) to Ba1."	Negative"Moody’s Investors Service on Friday downgraded the long-term local and foreign currency deposit ratings of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Bank of India (BoI), Canara Bank, and Union Bank of India (UBI) to Ba1."	Negative"Fitch Ratings believes that the revival of the central government’s reform agenda in response to the coronavirus pandemic shock has the potential to raise India’s medium-term growth rate. Nevertheless, there are also downside pressures to growth and it will take time to assess whether the reforms are implemented effectively."	Positive"Fitch Ratings on Monday said it has revised the outlook to negative from stable of nine Indian banks, including State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank, following lowering of India's sovereign rating outlook due to impact of coronavirus pandemic on the economy."	Negative"Fitch Ratings on Monday said it has revised the outlook to negative from stable of nine Indian banks, including State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank, following lowering of India's sovereign rating outlook due to impact of coronavirus pandemic on the economy."	Negative"Fitch Ratings on Monday said it has revised the outlook to negative from stable of nine Indian banks, including State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank, following lowering of India's sovereign rating outlook due to impact of coronavirus pandemic on the economy."	NegativeFitch Ratings has affirmed Bank of India's (BOI) Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'BBB-' with a Stable Outlook and its Viability Rating at 'b+'.	Neutral"India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) has published the November 2020 edition of its credit market tracker. The report comments on the systemic and market liquidity with insights on interest rates transmission, short-term yields and aggregate mutual fund sectoral debt exposure. The tracker highlights the monthly changes in liquidity of the banking system, a brief snapshot of quarterly results and trends in debt and money markets."	NeutralFitch Ratings upgraded private lender IDBI Bank’s Viability Rating (VR) by one-notch from “ccc” to “ccc+”. The upgrade in VR is due mainly to the improved core capitalisation and the high loan-loss coverage.	Positive"Fitch Ratings today affirmed ratings on four public sector banks–-State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank and Bank of India. The rating agency has maintained negative outlook on ratings. It mirrors the Outlook on India's sovereign rating of 'BBB-', which was revised to Negative from Stable on June 18, 2020. The revision factored in the impact of the escalating coronavirus pandemic on India's economy."	Negative"Fitch Ratings today affirmed ratings on four public sector banks–-State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank and Bank of India. The rating agency has maintained negative outlook on ratings. It mirrors the Outlook on India's sovereign rating of 'BBB-', which was revised to Negative from Stable on June 18, 2020. The revision factored in the impact of the escalating coronavirus pandemic on India's economy."	Negative"Fitch Ratings today affirmed ratings on four public sector banks–-State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank and Bank of India. The rating agency has maintained negative outlook on ratings. It mirrors the Outlook on India's sovereign rating of 'BBB-', which was revised to Negative from Stable on June 18, 2020. The revision factored in the impact of the escalating coronavirus pandemic on India's economy."	Negative"Fitch Ratings today affirmed ratings on four public sector banks–-State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank and Bank of India. The rating agency has maintained negative outlook on ratings. It mirrors the Outlook on India's sovereign rating of 'BBB-', which was revised to Negative from Stable on June 18, 2020. The revision factored in the impact of the escalating coronavirus pandemic on India's economy."	Negative"It is imperative for banks to expand their balance sheets and revive credit offtake instead of just concentrating on asset quality, says a Idian Ratings report."	Neutral"S&P downgrades ratings of Axis Bank, puts Indian Bank on Credit Watch"	Negative"Indian Banking Let Down By ‘Maximum Government, Minimum Governance’, Viral Acharya said."	Negative"Global rating agencies are upbeat on the proposed merger of cash-starved Lakshmi Vilas Bank with the Indian arm of Singapore’s DBS Bank, saying it demonstrates the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) willingness to give control of banking assets to foreign entities."	PositiveIndia Ratings & Research has lowered its outlook on India’s banking sector to negative from stable for the last six months of the ongoing fiscal.	Negative"Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has become the first central bank in the world to have 1 million followers on microblogging site Twitter."	NeutralThe Reserve Bank of India's proposal to allow business houses to set up banks has been criticised by former governor Dr Raghuram Rajan and former deputy governor Viral Acharya. The recommendation was a part of a report by an internal working of the RBI on extent ownership and corporate structure in private banks in India.	Negative"The Commerce and Industry Ministry’s data released last week, showed inflation as measured by wholesale prices rose an annual 1.5 percent in October, higher than 1.3 percent in September. This spurted the core inflation to an 18-month high. The core inflation shot up to 1.7 percent last month, up from one percent in September. A surging money supply with a select band of the public, followed by the successive cuts in the repo rate, at which the Reserve Bank lends to banks, is mainly responsible for the galloping inflation. The RBI seems to have failed in inflation control, one of its primary functions. "	Negative"""A request has been made to the RBI to extend the recast window by another three months, bank books are very opaque currently since several borrowers are sitting on the fence and awaiting a positive verdict from the apex court,"" a banker in the know of the IBA's representation told The Economic Times."	Neutral"Current crisis worst of century, RBI. The economic fallout of the coronavirus disease pandemic may lead to higher non-performing assets, or bad loans, and capital erosion at Indian banks, he warned, terming the Covid-19 outbreak the worst economic and health crisis in a century."	Negative"The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are investigating whether some large shareholders of Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) bought shares of the troubled lender through proxy entities beyond the regulatory cap in the middle of its search for a buyer, two people aware of the development said. According to the people cited above, the probe began after RBI received complaints that some large LVB shareholders bought shares through proxy entities beyond the permissible limit from the open market to raise their holding for greater control over the lender. Under RBI norms, a single entity can only buy less than 5% in any private bank without its prior approval."	NegativeRBI governor Das said GDP growth rate may break out of contraction and turn positive during January-March due to recovery seen across sectors. The MPC has maintained an accommodative stance to revive growth on a durable basis	Positive"Any new umbrella organization for retail payments on the lines of the National Payments Corp. of India (NPCI) must have a minimum paid-up capital of ?500 crore and strive for inter-operability with NPCI systems, the Reserve Bank of India said."	Neutral"The Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its repo rate unchanged at 4 per cent while maintaining an ‘accommodative stance’ as long as necessary at least through the current financial year, RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das announced on Friday."	Neutral"""RBI has issued an order dated December 2, 2020, to HDFC Bank Ltd with regard to certain incidents of outages in the internet banking/ mobile banking/ payment utilities of the bank over the past two years, including the recent outages in the bank''s internet banking and payment system on November 21, 2020, due to a power failure in the primary data centre,"""	Negative"With Q2 GDP numbers contracting to a lower degree than Q1 in the current fiscal and retail inflation uncomfortably high, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday in its monetary policy is expected to leave interest rates unchanged. The Indian economy recovered at a brisk clip compared with what was expected in the July-September (Q2) quarter aided by manufacturing growth that helped GDP record a lower contraction of 7.5 per cent, after contracting by a record 23.9 per cent in Q1. The recovery came despite Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation being at a six-year high of 7.61 per cent in October. Wholesale price-based inflation rose to an eight-month high of 1.48 per cent."	Positive"Several businesses were hit badly, following the outbreak of COVID-19 and the subsequent lockdown. With the job market being shaky due to the above-mentioned reasons, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had on March 27 issued a circular which allowed lending institutions to grant a moratorium on payment of instalments of term loans falling due between March 1, 2020, and May 31, 2020, due to the pandemic. Later, the moratorium was extended till August 31 this year."	Negative"RBI faces a triple challenge of high inflation, elevated government borrowing and large capital inflows. In the economist parlance, RBI’s policy choices have narrowed, as the ‘impossible trinity’ has become more binding. The latter, as per economic theory, suggests that RBI can simultaneously pursue any two of the three—keep the rupee from appreciating, allow large capital inflows, or keep monetary conditions loose"	NegativeReserve Bank of India cuts interest rates to the lowest in over 2 decades? as the central bank expects the GDP to contract this financial year	NegativeThe Reserve Bank of India extended its dollar purchase spree in September as it likely aimed to build up foreign exchange reserves amid a global virus-induced economic downturn.	Neutral"India’s economy probably shrank for a second straight quarter, according to a team of economists including Michael Patra, the central bank’s deputy governor in charge of monetary policy, pushing the country into an unprecedented recession. Gross domestic product contracted 8.6% in the quarter ended September, the Reserve Bank of India showed in its first ever published ‘nowcast,’ which is an estimate based on high-frequency data. The economy had slumped about 24% in April to June."	Negative"Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Shaktikanta Das on Thursday said the Indian economy has exhibited stronger than expected rebound, but suggested that one needs to be watchful of demand sustainability after the festive season."	Neutral"India’s government securities markets is one of the most sophisticated in Asia, and is the largest after China and Malaysia, according to a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) study, but the secondary market volume needs to improve."	Neutral"The Reserve Bank of India’s Internal Working Group has made recommendations that have the potential to change the landscape of India’s banking industry. The report suggests changes on ownership and corporate structure of private sector banks. The other recommendation, aiming to get the same result talks about allowing NBFCs to convert to banks. Apart from these, conversion to banks will also rope in expenses like technology, branch expansion will also hit those NBFCs. “We believe final recommendations are favourable for corporate houses promoted by large NBFCs namely Bajaj Finance, L&T Finance, Mahindra Finance, Aditya Birla Capital, etc who may now look forward to converting to a universal bank,” said ICICI Securities."	Negative"India needs to put out a fiscal roadmap post the Covid-19 pandemic, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Shaktikanta Das said on Wednesday, according to ET Now. He said both fiscal and monetary policy in India were accommodative, and added that the governance of banks and shadow banks are very important."	Neutral"HDFC Bank on Friday reported 18.25 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit at Rs 3,990 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. It had posted a net profit of Rs 3,374.22 crore in the corresponding quarter last year."	Positive"HDFC Bank is expected to report a 30 percent YoY increase in profit after tax to Rs 1,414.20 crore for the first quarter of fiscal 2013, according to ET Now estimates."	Positive"Private lender HDFC Bank on Saturday reported an 18.17 per cent year-on-year (YoY) growth in net profit at Rs 4,601.44 crore for the quarter ended June."	Positive"ICICI Bank on Saturday posted a 36 per cent on-year rise in net profit at Rs 2,599 crore in the April-June quarter. The company had reported a net profit of Rs 1,980 crore in the corresponding quarter of the preceding year."	PositiveRBL Bank on Tuesday reported over 47 per cent decline in standalone net profit at Rs 141.22 crore in the first quarter ended June of the current fiscal year due to over two-fold jump in provisioning. 	NegativeSouth Indian Bank reported an 11 per cent growth in net profit for the first quarter with gross NPAs contained at 4.93 per cent.	Positive"IndusInd Bank Ltd.’s quarterly profit took a hit as the private lender safeguarded against a possible rise in bad loans on account of the Covid-19 pandemic. Net profit fell 67.8% year-on-year to Rs 460.6 crore in the quarter ended June. IndusInd Bank has increased its provisions against bad loans to Rs 2258.9 crore to protect its balance sheet against the Covid-19 impact. In the March-ended quarter, the bank had set aside Rs 2440.32 crore in provisions."	Negative"State Bank of India’s quarterly profit surged, owing to a fall in provisions and an exceptional gain. Net profit of India's largest lender rose 81% year-on-year to Rs 4,189 crore in the three months ended June."	Positive"Even as the public sector lender Indian Bank reported an increase in net loss in the 4th quarter of FY20, its net profit zoomed 134 per cent for the full year. It also reported an improvement in its asset quality."	Positive"The NPA of Bank of Baroda (BoB) rose from ? 11,876 crore at March-end 2014 to ? 73,140 crore at December-end 2019. The number of NPA accounts rose from 2,08,035 as on March 31, 2014, to 6,17,306 as of December 2019."	Negative"The NPAs of Indian Bank surged from ? 8,068.05 crore as on March 31, 2014, to ? 32,561.26 crore as on March 31, 2020. The NPA accounts rose to 5,64,816 as on March 31, 2020, from 2,48,921 as on March 31, 2014"	Negative"Punjab National Bank reported a surprise quarterly loss on higher-than-expected provisions. The government-owned lender reported a loss of Rs 4,750 crore in quarter ended March compared to a Rs 13,417-crore loss in the same quarter last year, according to a press release"	NegativeState-owned Indian Overseas Bank NSE 3.27 % (IOB) on Friday reported a net profit of Rs 148 crore for the second quarter of current fiscal as bad loans and provisions declined.	Positive"Indian Bank reported total income growth on both quarterly & yearly basis. Total income for Sep 30, 2020 quarter was Rs 11796.58 cr which is an increase of 2.08% QoQ and 95.08% YoY."	Positive"Yes Bank reported income decline on both quarterly & yearly basis. Total income for Sep 30, 2020 quarter was Rs 5972.12 cr which is a decrease of -2.46% QoQ and -28.46% YoY. "	Negative"The Union Bank of India on Friday reported a net profit of Rs 516.6 crore for the September quarter of the current financial year against a loss of Rs 994 crore in the corresponding period last year. The bank saw healthy growth in interest income and its asset quality also improved. Its operating profit increased 2% year on year (YoY) and 8.4% quarter on quarter (QoQ) to Rs 4,375 crore. The interest income (NII) increased 6% YoY to Rs 6,293 crore, but remained flat sequentially."	Positive"HDFC Bank Ltd.’s quarterly profit rose as asset quality remained steady and interest income rose. Net profit of India’s largest private lender rose 18% year-on-year to Rs 7,513 crore in the quarter ended September"	PositiveUCO Bank on Thursday reported Rs 30.12-crore net profit for the second quarter this fiscal. The lender had incurred a net loss of Rs 891.98 crore for the same period last fiscal as provisions for non-performing assets declined by 49% year-on-year and operating profit increased by 10% y-o-y.  The public sector lender had posted a net profit of Rs 21.46 crore for the first quarter of the current financial year.	PositiveYes Bank Ltd.'s profit rose sequentially even as the private lender set aside higher provisions in the second quarter.The bank reported a net profit of Rs 129 crore for the quarter ended September	Positive